# Brandon Wong

# GEOG 458

# Lab 2 Narratives

1. The comparison I made is between geo-tagged Tweets at 6pm on Wednesday April 20th and at 9pm on Thursday April 21st. I wanted to make this comparison because I feel as though people are generally more active on social media in the evening. A hypothesis I had is that perhaps more people are geo-tagging their Tweets later in the day because they are more active at night on their phone in general.

2. Map 1 displays United States Tweets at about 6pm. Something I noticed as a general trend for this map is that there are more clusters of points towards the East and West coastlines. A hypothesis I would have about this is that these areas are generally more populated and contain larger urban eras which would explain why more people are Tweeting in those areas. Comparatively, Map 2 displays United States Tweets at about 9pm. Generally, the dispersion of data is fairly similar in comparison. However, Map 2 appears to have slighly larger clusters of points in certain areas and more variations in geo-tagged Tweet locations. For instance, Colorado, and the shoreline by the Gulf of Mexico tends to have a hiher concentration fo data points. Additionally, there also appears to be more data points spread across the Northeast provinces in Canada and in Alaska. One conclusion from this visualization is perhaps more people are active on Twitter later at night, Generally, 6pm PST is commuter time or close to when people have dinner so they may be less likely to be on Twitter at this time.

3. For the word cloud visualizations, I decided to focus on people's emotions while posting on Twitter. Since Twitter is a place for people to speak their mind, I was curious about what kind of words that can describe feelings appear the most often. word cloud displays the emotions of the 6pm data set while word cloud 2 displays the 9pm data set. Comparatively, they both seem to have common emotional words such as 'love', 'good', 'happy', and 'lol'. While these words can be used in different contexts than emotions, it was intersting to see the most common words users included in their posts were positive. Alternatively, I also saw a contrast between the word clouds where in the 9pm data set, there were a lot more people swearing more often. A possibility of this is that at night people reflect more on their emotions and use Twitter to reflect it rather than at an earlier time. It also could be that more negative emotions also stay with people into the night which is why they could be using Twitter at that time.
